what is up cancer University my name is
Peter one all and welcome to today's in
depth analysis of the flossing ranch
there actually isn't too many new things
for us to cover but let's go straight
into it there's going to be four new
Pokemon he can counter in the grass here
three of them actually very good and
very formidable in their own rights
first up is going to be riolu a pokemen
they will evolve after being leveled up
with high happiness during the day and
this is a superb Pokemon for your team I
can't stress that enough
it may be a little overused but that's
definitely for a reason it is an
incredible mixed attacker with a very
competitive mood pool and various ways
Ingo about using this I recommend it
it's brilliant second up is a Pokemon um
once again is pretty overused Marie but
once again there's a very good reason
behind it it's a brilliant little
electric-type in a game way
electric-types are few and far between
aside from within the charge stone cave
with the special attacks take advantage
of its mood pool at how it involves
pretty early and a really nice ability
into the mix and you've got all the
reasoning to use it on your team the
third new pokemon on the whole of this
area is going to be cider and all of
them stays there's an average water
pokemon there's nothing wrong with it
we'll have balance stats that obviously
a good warts base blue pool
but it isn't exceptional nonetheless I
like it feel free to use it finally is
going to be Lily / and it's
unfortunately a case of quote unquote
worse to last and that doesn't mean this
is a bad Pokemon in its own right in
fact the ways the way its stats are
spread makes it a very good physical
attacker with great defenses and the
typing and removal to take advantage of
all these traits it isn't a most
interesting person one to use but I can
give a case of suggesting that it's a
very good normal type that's it for the
new Pokemon on this move but off screen
now is going to be information on the
other ways you'll encounter the Pokemon
as well as their levels and encounter
rates so I'll see you in just a second
there's going to be six items you'll be
able to pick up here you should be
seeing them on the screen now as well as
for trainer battles one Inklings in your
live war so this is the most taxing area
to explore especially since the banter
is wife will hear your Pokemon for three
thank you for watching this analysis of
the salasi lounge next up will be the
burbank industrial area so I'll see you
guys then thank you very much watching